Here are the detailed meeting minutes based on the transcript and agenda provided:

City of Robbinsdale
City Council Meeting Minutes
August 5, 2024

1. CALL TO ORDER
Mayor Blonigan called the meeting to order at 7:00 PM.

2. ROLL CALL
Present: Mayor Bill Blonigan, Council Members Regan Murphy, Mia Parisian, Aaron Wagner
Absent: Council Member Jason Greenberg
Staff Present: City Manager Tim Sandvik, City Clerk Chase Peterson-Etem, Finance Director Dia Tahoon

3. MICROPHONE CHECK
A microphone check was conducted.

4. APPROVAL OF AGENDA
Motion by Blonigan, seconded by Murphy to approve the agenda with the following changes:
- Move New Business Item A to Public Hearings 
- Add discussion of honoring Sipes Auto Care under Other Business
- Add voucher disbursement report to Other Business Item A
- Add additional licenses to Consent Item L
Motion carried unanimously.

5. CONSENT AGENDA
Motion by Greenberg, seconded by Parisian to approve the consent agenda with Item F removed. Motion carried unanimously.

Councilmember Blonigan removed Item F to publicly thank Aaron Sparks for volunteering to serve on the Parks, Recreation and Forestry Commission. 

Motion by Blonigan, seconded by Murphy to appoint Aaron Sparks as Ward 2 Parks, Recreation and Forestry Commissioner. Motion carried unanimously.

6. PRESENTATIONS
Representatives from Minneapolis Cataract and Robbinsdale Masonic Lodge presented a donation of 10 fire suppression tools to the Robbinsdale Police Department. The tools cost $900 each and can significantly reduce fire temperatures within seconds. Captain Elder thanked the Masons for their generous donation.

7. PUBLIC HEARINGS
A. Resolution Adopting Street Reconstruction Plan and Authorizing Preliminary Bond Sale

Finance Director Tahoon and Chris Hogan from Baker Tilly presented on the proposed $1,650,000 bond issuance for street reconstruction projects on 41st Avenue, Oakdale Avenue and York Avenue. 

Mayor Blonigan opened the public hearing. There were no public comments. The hearing was closed.

Motion by Parisian, seconded by Wagner to adopt the resolution approving the street reconstruction plan and authorizing a preliminary bond sale not to exceed $1,650,000. Motion carried 3-0.

Motion by Blonigan, seconded by Parisian to adopt the resolution authorizing the sale of general obligation bonds series 2024A in the maximum amount of $3,620,000. Motion carried 3-0.

8. NEW BUSINESS
B. Accept Local Climate Action Grant from MPCA

City Manager Sandvik presented on a $20,000 grant received from the MPCA to study geothermal heating options for a future public works facility. There is a small match requirement that can be met through staff time.

Motion by Wagner, seconded by Blonigan to authorize the City Manager to sign the grant agreement with the MPCA accepting $20,000 in local climate action grant funds. Motion carried unanimously.

C. Fuel Agreement with City of Crystal

Sandvik presented on a proposed agreement to purchase fuel from the City of Crystal, projecting annual savings of nearly $40,000. 

Motion by Murphy, seconded by Wagner to authorize the Mayor and City Manager to execute a fuel facilities agreement with the City of Crystal. Motion carried unanimously.

9. OTHER BUSINESS
A. Voucher Requests 

Motion by Blonigan, seconded by Murphy to approve disbursements for the period ending August 5, 2024. Motion carried unanimously.

B. Schedule Canvassing Board Meeting

City Clerk Peterson-Etem recommended scheduling the canvassing board meeting for Friday, August 16 at noon to certify primary election results.

Motion by Murphy, seconded by Parisian to schedule the canvassing board meeting for Friday, August 16 at 12:00 PM. Motion carried unanimously.

C. Proclamation for Sipes Auto Care

Council directed staff to prepare a proclamation honoring Sipes Auto Care for 100 years of business in Robbinsdale.

10. ADMINISTRATIVE REPORTS
City Clerk Peterson-Etem reminded residents about upcoming primary election voting options.

City Manager Sandvik provided updates on:
- The Patin Parade
- Sustainability committee applications
- Fall/winter recreation registration
- Upcoming Twins youth baseball clinic
- Public Safety open house on August 10
- LRT open house on August 21
- National Night Out on August 6

11. COUNCIL COMMUNICATIONS
Council members encouraged residents to vote in the primary election and thanked those who attended the meeting to provide public input. They also wished residents a fun and safe National Night Out.

12. ADJOURNMENT 
Motion by Wagner, seconded by Blonigan to adjourn. Motion carried unanimously. Meeting adjourned at 8:45 PM.

Respectfully submitted,
[City Clerk Name]
City Clerk