Speaker A:
Okay, now I see something. Okay. The first thing on the agenda, after what we've already done, is to approve what tonight's agenda is. Anybody from staff have anything to change with regard to tonight's agenda? Thank you, mayor. Members of the council, I'd like to just add one thing to other business. Item eleven a. This item was already on the agenda, but we're adding the actual voucher disbursement report. That report was emailed to council earlier today, and a printed copy is available if anyone wants to view it. And that is the one addition from me tonight. Anything else? Any members of the council think something should be changed or added? No hearing? None. I move we approve tonight's agenda for September 3 2nd. All those in favor of the agenda, what we are proposing that it be, signify by saying aye. Aye. Aye. All those opposed say no or nay. That motion carries. Next. We have the consent agenda. One motion. Non debatable. We will approve the recommendation. Noted. Any member of the city council may withdraw an item from the consent agenda for separate action. Such item removed from the consent agenda shall be considered immediately following the balance of the consent agenda. Does anyone have anything that they wish to remove from the consent agenda? I'll pull item J. J, as in Joseph. Okay. Anybody else have anything else? Is there a motion? Yeah. I move that we approve the consent agenda with item j removed. Second, all those in favor of the consent agenda passing with the exception of item j, signify by saying aye. A aye. All those opposed say no or nay. That motion passes. So, what did we approve on the consent agenda? We approved certain minutes. The July 9, 2024, city council meeting, the park Rec and Park Rec and Forestry Commission. June 25, 2024 minutes. We received the deputy Registrar's monthly financial statements and the monthly financial statements from Robbinsdale wine and spirits. We received the quarterly financial information for general water, sanitary sewer, storm sewer, and solid waste from our finance department. We scheduled a public hearing on October 1, 2024 to certify the assessment role for unpaid administrative penalties, and scheduled a public hearing on October 1, 2024 to certify the assessment role for delinquent utilities and to certify the assessment role for emergency water, sewer, and sump pump repairs. We approved certain licenses that are listed in our materials. And we approved a faith chapel event. Jason Greenberg withdrew. J UnCF United Negro College Fund walk for education pages 26 and 27 of our materials. Yep, go ahead, Jason. Just want to bring some attention to a fundraiser for the UNCF that is going to be hosted by the Laverne McCartney, Knighton and Chaz Sandifer around the Lakeview Terrace Farmers Market. That'll be on September 21 at 09:00 a.m. assuming that we approve it. But just want to make sure we call a little extra attention to that as it is a fundraiser for a good cause. And so do you have a motion to approve like it's on page 27? Yep. And I have a motion to approve the that the walk, the application for the walk was submitted and that the we consider the application with conditions noted by staff in addition to waiving the park rental fee. Is there a second? 2nd? I've walked on this. I think this is the fourth time, all the three previous times, and it's very well attended. What a memorable slogan. A mind is a terrible thing to waste. My wife and I donate money every time to this. And you go down there, you pay your fee, you get a shirt, you get some other swag, and you might win some prizes, too. So I would encourage people to do this on Saturday, September 21. That's either the last day of summer or the first day of fall, or both. So that'll help you remember that it's on a Saturday. Anybody else have any comments? All those in favor signify by saying aye. Aye. All those opposed say no or nay. That motion carries. Next we have a couple of presentations. Thank you, Mister Mayor. Council I want to note that effective July 29, 2024, the League of Minnesota cities offer the following statement. The League of Minnesota Cities has selected 16 members of the Minnesota House of Representatives and nine members of the Senate as legislators of distinction for 2024. This honor recognizes legislators for specific actions that aided efforts of Minnesota cities during this year's legislative session. Legislators distinction are annually provided by the league's board of directors to recognize those that have successfully served the shared constituents here in Robbinsdale worked together to meet the unique needs of rural, suburban, urban and residents across Minnesota. Would note that for this to be reached, the legislature is generally and reasonably accessible to league representatives seeks input on issues of importance to cities legislature listens to league concerns and is receptive to the league providing information on issues, sponsors and or supports initiatives speaks out on behalf of interests of cities and demonstrates the importance of partnership between the state and cities. In August, mayor Blonigan received official notice that senator rest and representative Fryberg, both whom served Robbinsdale, were two of the legislatures to receive this distinction. Excuse me, those letters are attached to part of your packet. I want from a staff's perspective, I want to note that both offices have been very accommodating willing to meet, discuss, not just during the legislative session, but throughout the year and continue to be fantastic to work with. So tonight, in agreeing with the mayor's note that we should honor them at a meeting. I know both representatives are here, but before we call them up, if council has anything to share, we could certainly do that. So, yeah, maybe you could come up and say a few words if you want to. I have, you know, I have things to say about what a great job senator rest and Representative Freiberg are doing. I saw Representative Freiberg here earlier. Okay. Yeah. You can both come up together. We won't have two presentations. Anybody from the council have anything to say? Okay, so it does say here. So we've got Senator Ann Rest and Representative Mike Freiberg. It does indicate in these materials that 16 members of the House, of which there are how many members? 134. 134. And nine members of the Senate, of which there would be half of that. 67. 67 members. So, you know, nine members of the Senate and 16 members of the House have been honored. And the city manager, Tim Sandvik, listed off things that you could do that any one of them. Of those six things would lead to maybe being honored by the league. You both did all of those things. I can attest to that. So you have our thanks. I am going to say something else, but is there anything that you would like to say? Well, mayor and members of the council and Robbinsfield residents, it has been a real honor in my legislative career, last 24 now to represent Rollinsdale's interest in the legislature. And also before the Met council, we were able, particularly with representative Fryberg's leadership, to make sure that Robinsdale did not get included with Minneapolis and be ignored by the Met council. So we were real, really pleased with that. And I just want to thank you for the recognition. Means a great deal to both of us. And turn it over to Representative Frank Burn. Thank you. Yeah. Thank you, mayor. Members of the council. It's been an honor. Robbinsdale is the one city I've represented all of during my whole twelve years as a state representative. I'm a former city council member myself, so I try to be responsive to city needs whenever possible. And maybe I'll just leave it at that. I know there's a lot of people here. I'd like to think they're all here for senator rest and my recognition, but I have a feeling it might be for something else, so maybe I'll just keep it brief. I will say that I have two letters from the League of Minnesota Cities and the one about senator rest indicates that that they appreciated her accessibility in consultation with legislation impacting cities. Specifically. You're the tax chair, chief author of the bill that largely reflected local tax advisory task force recommendations, which allowed sales tax projects to come directly to the voters. They value your input to ensure that city issues are addressed in legislation. They appreciate your awareness of city needs. I know that both representative Freiburg and you adopted my suggestion a couple years ago to use Minnesota Statute 118 8.09 and make it so that cities like us, AA plus and cities like Golden Valley Double A, could invest certain funds and get a higher rate of return through the Minnesota State Board of Investment. And in Mike Freiberg's letter, they indicate that they also evaluate your accessibility and consultation and the fact that you chief authored the Equal Access to Broadband act, which is especially important in outstate Minnesota, which would have provided cities the ability to franchise broadband, and that that continues on. I guess throughout the process of getting the bill language included in the initial draft, you were responsive, helpful, and pushed hard to advocate for legislation that would have provided additional authorities to cities across the state while helping community media efforts involved in championing league supported elections funding initiatives. So again, they say you're always accessible. I know that a couple sessions ago, I don't know about last session, you had an amazing, like 26 of your bills that passed. And so I do want to tell the people that if we would just have one of these two legislators as part of our team, we would. That would be amazing. But we have both of them. And so I thank you for that. Thank you. And council member Murphy, Senator West, Representative Fratberg, one more. Thank you. I've had the opportunity to work with you both over the course number of years, and it's been amazing what you've done when we've needed you to help. Certainly the listening, I mean, they have listening sessions often throughout the year. Particularly they have listening sessions with the different cities and city leaders to hear our issues. And whenever we needed help, you've been there to fight and advocate. And so I greatly appreciate that. And I don't think a lot of residents always understand behind the scenes, like what you do to help kind of rob. And so a lot of times we're underserved when it comes to various things in the legislature, and so appreciate it. You advocating for us, so well deserved. Thank you. Okay, next item on the agenda is public hearings. This is a public hearing to receive feedback on the blue line light rail extension. And Mister Sandvik, our city manager, will talk about what this is about. Yeah. Thank you, Mister mayor. Council so, of course, council has been discussing municipal consent related to the blue line light rail extension for the past several months. Most recently at the July 9 city council work session, staff presented what they understood to be concerns and or areas requested for clarification to consider that municipal consent. Again, at the August 14 city council work session, council and staff continue that conversation in preparation for the August 21 open house. Would note for those not aware, feedback from both the survey held in connection with the open house and feedback documented at the open house is available on the city website. If you have any trouble locating it, please just give staff a call and we'd be happy to direct you. I do want to note in part because a request was made of there is a direct feedback from Elam Lutheran Church as a part of your packet on this agenda item. There is also a statement from the Joint Water Commission, again, for part of your consideration as we are now. At that point, I want to remind folks that with municipal consent, there's essentially three actions that can be taken. The first is to do nothing which results in a yes voting yes, either by resolution or otherwise, which would provide municipal consent, or if council decides to vote no, they're required to formally identify specific concerns which must be considered by the project office. Staff will work with the city council at the September 10, 2024 work session to identify the direction of the council and would note that public hearing for tonight has been posted in the Sun Post August 22 and 29th. I would want to remind folks that at this public hearing, council does not intend to take a vote. That vote for municipal consent will occur on the 17 September. At this point, staff would be happy to respond to any questions, comments, or concerns. The recommended action, of course, is to open and close the public hearing, and if council has direct feedback, staff would be happy to take it. So what we do here is, I think it's a regular thing to have four minutes of speaking per person. A lot of this is going to be repetitive, but that's okay. I mean, this is the public hearing. We've heard from you for years and at least months, but years really, on this particular issue, there probably are some ways that you can shorthand what you're saying, but four minutes is four minutes. Take your four minutes. There is somebody here that sort of represents a whole group of people. Mister Paul Crow. He is North Memorial's vice president of facilities. They haven't really spoken on this issue. I do expect so. Name and address is what you're going to do too, just like everybody else don't have to tell us what you're going to talk about because it's going to be all about LRt. There is a four minute limit, so I would think that the yellow card will go up when there's about how many, 1 minute left or 30 seconds. What are you going to do? 30 seconds. But this should also beep at you when it hits four minutes. So. All right, so here's the yellow card if you want to hold that up when people have 30 seconds left. All right, Mister crowd Paul Krogh, Northware Health 3300 Oakdale Avenue north good evening, mayor and council members. My name is Paul Krogh. I'm our vice president of service lines. So I oversee our facilities, our grounds, our security, and I also see our service lines of trauma and emergency medicine. And I'm here tonight to share some concerns we have about the current design of the light rail project and its future operations so close to the Robbinsville hospital. These were submitted to the Met consul and shared with the city as well. I want to begin by making clear North Morrow has been and continues to be generally supportive of the Blue Line light rail project. We do, however, have some serious concerns we hope will be addressed before any final design is determined. In general, there are four areas that we are concerned about. Delays for patients seeking emergency care, safety at the proposed station, neighborhood safety and accountability for maintaining it, and then the safe coexistence of our air care operations. North Memorial is a vital provider of emergency care, serving approximately 60,000 patients annually. Many patients are critically ill, and their lives truly depend on how soon they can receive care. Minutes matter. The most recent design shows at grade crossings at both Lowry and Victoria Memorial Parkway. While EMS will be equipped with signal preemption and there will be some delays created that are not present now. But of greater concern are patients being transported in their own vehicles. Of the 60,000 patients that come to us each year, 20,000 arrive in their own vehicles and 10% of those are in critical or life threatening conditions. Any delay in arrival hurts their chances of survival. It also of note, ZIP codes 55411 and 55412 make up two of our top three patient visits, and both of those would likely take Lauri in order to get to the hospital. From a safety perspective, locating the station between newly extended bridges below the Bottineau Boulevard roadway is a concern to us, specifically for the safety of our team members and the visitors coming to the hospital. The open design that has proven troublesome at other metro transit stations is shown in the plans to date, north would like the project team to consider restricting access to ticketed riders as is being planned at other stations. We also want to assure that great attention is put on lighting, security cameras and other security technologies. No details on any of that design has been shared yet. From a safety perspective for the neighborhood, it will increase activity and we think that will increase the need for public safety as well. With the Robinson Police Department and the fourth precinct of Minneapolis Police Department already very busy, we want to make sure that there are law enforcement security resources in that area that won't be diluted. And currently there is no metro transit police that post at any stations. And then finally, a consistent concern north has around the light rail and how it will coexist with our current air care operations. The north helipad is located on top of the parking ramp that is closest to the Bottineau light rail line. And although we have expressed concerns about the potential for detrimental vibration, electromagnetic effects on navigation systems, we have had little or no response from the planners. We need to be absolutely convinced that the proximity will not impact the navigation systems or other components of flight. We'll be relocating that LPAD. Maybe on the emergency department will help. In conclusion, we believe that we are an essential part of serving the communities in Robinson, the twin Cities and the state at large. And access is important in life and death for many. We want to mitigate the issues noted this evening is crucial. Without mitigation, it will adversely impact us. And then finally, I want to thank Mister Sandvik and the Robinson staff for keeping us appraised of developing with this project. And the response has been much appreciated. We look forward to working together with them. Thank you. Okay, so a couple things. Anybody that wants to can turn in their written comments. And then, you know, maybe we'll append those to our minutes. That sounds like a lot like a letter that you've already sent to somebody. So maybe we already have that. And I thought I heard you say that your name was not Crow. It was Rogae. And is that kroger? Crow. How do you pronounce it? Krog? Yeah, croag crow like the crow or crow croag like Vogue. All right, thank you. Very good. All right. All right. Anybody else? Name? Okay. Brenda Remus. Once again, should I state my address again? Yes, please. 3614 Abbott Avenue north. And I would just like to share a couple quotes that came from the St. Paul News, the Villager press, and they're talking about the problems that they still are having with the green line. And this is many years later. And it said, despite security upgrades, crime continues to plague the green line. And it said, council president, I don't know if I'm pronouncing her name right. Mitra Jalali said her constituents in ward four tell her they feel unsafe on station platforms and that people are left to fend for themselves and they do not feel safe because of the behavior on the trains. And they do acknowledge that the metro transit has tried to improve security on the green line, but they have not met with success yet. And there was just recently a very filled meeting. They said 100 residents came to the Rondo library on August 8. And let me just say what the residents have experienced. They're weary of the drug use, the drug dealing, the vandalism, the theft, the trespassing, the loitering, the public urination and the defecation on their properties. And they find strangers sleeping on their porches and in their yards. And one woman had a squatter break into apartment and stay there for several days while she was away. And they're tired of syringes and trash and some of the other things that are coming that came along with the Green line that they hadn't anticipated. And the people here say that they are concerned about the homeless. They do have compassion. But what they're concerned about is that they're feeling like they're being pushed out of their neighborhoods and their homes, and they're concerned for their children, for themselves and the elderly. So I can leave this with you, or I can send you a link to this article. And so this is not to dismiss all the hard work that in many ways that the Met council has done or metro transit, but it brings with it a lot of difficulties for the residents and the business owners. And quite honestly, I just do not see how this will benefit Robinsdale, even though we're promised that it will. I keep reading all these other comments and that the residents, they're just left dealing with a lot. So thank you for listening to me, letting me come up here once again. I appreciate your time. Thank you. Well, thank you for your comments and thank you for your demeanor, way you've always been every time you've come forward to us. I thank you for that. Go ahead. Mayor, council members, my name is Dustin Leslie. I live at 29 63 Challenge Avenue north. It's good to see you on this side of the dais today. I wanted to talk about light rail, and I wanted to. My wife and I moved to Robbinsdale last year, in part because light rail was coming to town. So I wanted to speak in support, support of the project. I think it will make Robinsdale more sustainable. I work downtown Minneapolis, so I'm expecting to take it to work every day. So I think it's, you know, it's not better than the train alignment, but I think it's still a good project. We should put it forward. Thank you. Thank you. You know, I would rather not have clapping after. I think the rest of the council probably agrees with that too. It's. The clapping isn't going to change our minds. We're not going to go like, wow. I was going to vote one way, but there was an extra little bit of clapping that one time. I don't think that's going to happen or that's clapping for a holiday queen for a day sort of thing. My name is Garth Schumacher at 39 34 for Lake Curve Avenue north. And my wife, Norma Rae Hunt and I would just like to say that we are in support of the light rail. We believe that this is something that is not just for my and our generation, but for those in the future. That this will be a gift to those that may not be able to have and afford the cars in the future, but will be able to have a more convenient way to get to the, their jobs and share the wonderful gifts of this entire metro area. So thank you very much for listening. Thank you. Anybody else? Ben Hansen, 3927 Noble Avenue north. I'm coming before you in support of the light rail extension. Thank you, Tim, for explaining basically the three fundamental options that the council has in terms of how they vote for municipal consent. I would suggest that the council votes against municipal consent with noted concerns. Because I basically have three concerns that I'd like to just summarize. It really comes down to noise abatement that's going to be associated with light rail. Now going down 81, that's going to be noisier than 81 already. Is also recommending financial compensation for nearby houses, excuse me, that will experience elevated noise levels if that is not already part of the light rail extensions package benefits. Basically speaking on the proposed station location, I recently saw the station near 81 and 40th Avenue north was proposed to be on the south side of 40th, which is right across from Elam Lutheran Church. And I would strongly suggest the station should actually be on the north side of 40th, which is right across from the us bank and the proposed park and ride area. And basically for that, not only would that move the station a little further away from the houses that are at that intersection, but that location also means that it's one less street that the park and riders would have to cross to get to the station. So it's basically all that I have. Thank you. Claudia Fugli, 4556 Lake Drive. I'm really disappointed by some of the residents, some of the people that live in town and surrounding areas. I cannot believe the conversations I get. And I'm in support of the light rail. Everybody can take the light rail. Not everybody can take a city bus. And when I'm going downtown and I'm getting language that I've never heard before about the rail. Want to talk about dividing of a city? Just talk to somebody. You'll find out how you divide it. There's been many times I've gone home wondering, what am I doing here? You know, this is my home. I don't deserve to be getting language like that at me or anybody else that's in support of the light rail. Whatever you do, please make it safe, make it easy to understand and accessible for everybody. Thank you. Thank you. Good evening. I'd like to say I'm Deborah Gillis and I live at 4201 40th Avenue north and across from Copperfield. I have the home with the gazebo that may help you. I'd like to bring forward. Not that long ago, there was a horrible train accident over in northeast Minneapolis with a wheelchair. It got stuck in the track and that person had horrible, horrible time. We shoved 120ft down the road. That's something that's really on my mind as I had disabled children in wheelchairs. So, you know, I understand. That's part one, part two. I don't want us to turn into a rondo that scares the ever living out. I mean, we're all paying for our lives here. We're happy with Robinsdale as it is. I'm all for that. I think you both have done a great job. The third thing I think is very important that we, as a family, that's what we are. Robinsdale is a family, and we have to all recognize that. Regarding everybody that wants to go to the twins game or all that fun stuff, that's great. But there's nothing wrong with having fast buses. I mean, I was a bust person for a lot of years. It was great. You just have to know where you're going. All was well. So I truly, in my whole heart, hope this doesn't go through. I've been here since I've been 17. Hate to say how old I am now, but I am 74, so, you know, I've seen all the changes and I really highly am against this thank you for your time. Thank you, Sam. Good. Again. 4400 Toledo Avenue north. So I think it's irresponsible to build something you cannot police. There will be fatalities. People will walk out in front of the train. We aren't even checking for tickets. It costs more to get somebody, to sell somebody a ticket to get on it. So basically you're building a welfare train. If we're not gonna, we might as well just say it's a free train. I mean, they tried to give tickets to people that were riding the other ones, and like 30% of the people paid them. I don't know the exact numbers, but I think that if we build something, Robbinsdale's safety should be number one. And then we have infrastructure, a lot of stuff we talked about the sinkholes St. Coles were right under where the train's gonna go. So there's a lot of things. Who's responsible for the infrastructure when this is done? Do the citizens. The citizens of Robinsdale. We pay. We pay our fair share and probably a little more. It is a good community. I've lived here 35 years, went through street reconstruction, and I'm still proud to be from Robinson. But if. If we can't keep the city safe, then I think we, as politicians or city council members or mayors, we have not done the job that we were assigned. Thank you. Thank you. Bruce Bauer, 4308 Unity. I think we already have a couple light rails that basically failures. Alls I see is every. I've worked with people. I work at the Hennepin county jail, so I've seen it all and every stop, every. There's people smoking whatever they're smoking. And you got people riding these trains free and they're foul mouth to this poor lady that everyone has to deal with it. Not to mention the other stuff that they do doing their drugs and other things I won't mention. I think it's a failure. Until we can get the other ones going up right and safe, we shouldn't even think about building another one because here's billions of dollars we're going to throw at something that is worthless. It's a problem. Thanks. Thank you. Good evening. I'm Nancy Hanson. I live at 4232 Shoreline Drive. And for 22 years when I worked downtown Minneapolis, I took public transportation. It was great. I took an express bus. My husband took the light rail to the university. And then Covid happened. And I'm retired now, but my entire department has not gone back to work. So I think about maybe when this plan was started, it made sense. And we knew we had the ridership and so forth. We don't anymore. And I'm sure this council has looked at the Southwest light rail debacle, which is ten years behind and billions of dollars over budget. Buses I'm fine with. It's a lower cost. I do believe we need to better transportation. I feel horrible for your experience. I never had trouble on the bus because we had hundreds and hundreds of people riding the buses. We don't have it anymore, and there are too many other things we could spend that money on. So again, I'm a huge proponent of public transportation, but find something better. And I want to make sure everyone is familiar with something called a sunken cost fallacy. We've all done it. We spent money on something, maybe it's a remodel or something. And we realize all of a sudden, ugh, this is not going to work. But we think, oh, but we've spent this money already. We need to finish it when it's better, just to cut your losses and move on. A more common expression is throwing good money after bad. And I think we've done that. And again, I love Robbinsdale. I've only been here eight years, but I wouldn't live anywhere else. I think public transportation is a fabulous thing. Light rail, though, has come and gone. We will never be able to fill the trains. We'll never be able to recoup that cost. So those are my two cent worth. Thank you so much for your time. Thank you. Mary Louise Kerber 3329 York Avenue North I agree with the previous speaker on the kind of a waste of money, but I do think that it's a done deal. The one thing that hasn't been addressed. I was glad to see that the council in the news, in the Sun Post that you had some concerns and you listed the things that you had concerns about and would want them to correct. The one thing that I've not seen, and I've talked to people at every meeting I've attended and, oh, yeah, we'll get back to you, is noise abatement. The people that live along the corridor are going to have bells and whistles all but about 5 hours a day. That means that people that go to bed earlier than midnight will have to listen to that noise, and nobody has been able to say anything about the noise abatement for those people, people who live along the corridor. So that is something that I would like you to consider as one of the conditions if you're going to vote for the light rail with conditions, all of us in our neighborhood would greatly appreciate that. Thanks. Thank you. My name is Johann Baumeister. I'm at 4257 Zenith Avenue north. As one of the newest members of the Robbinsdale community, my husband and I have felt very welcomed into the community by both members of the council as well as our neighbors on our block. We share a block with many different people, liberals, conservatives, progressives, Buddhists, Wiccans, Christians and atheists. This is a diverse community, and it's become more diverse, and that's a good thing. And I think that the light rail service that is proposed for Robbinsdale will serve the diverse needs of our community. I am strongly in support of it because I was a person who was able to find opportunity, because when I lived in Minneapolis, I could access the blue line. It helped me for years to maintain stable employment and ultimately save up enough money so that I could buy a home one day. Light rail gives people opportunities. It gives our youth a lot more opportunities than we really think. We don't understand the world that 18 year olds are inheriting right now. And I really would strongly encourage us to set our fears aside so that we can model for them how to live boldly, bravely, without fear for a more prosperous future with light rail. Thank you. Thank you. Klaus Weber, 3944 Perry Avenue North. I moved to Robinsdale three years ago, and I cannot stop talking about how much I love this community. The best aspect, the friendliness of the people here, the community, the cohesion people look after each other, and the walkability. With a light rail, the ability to commute downtown to the airport for $2.25 will make for a seamless experience without having to deal with Uber or pay for parking as well. It encourages development around the route, which would help build for the future. I take the bus downtown relatively often enough. It's not very intuitive. I'm pretty savvy on the apps, computer tracking, everything. That's great. Tracking the buses. It's a feature on the app for metro Transit. It's not reliable. The app's very buggy. It's hard to track where the buses are coming home from downtown. It's late at least half the time. So while I'm in support of the light rail, I do want to speak to a concern about safety that I haven't really heard addressed, and that's learning from other metros that have been building light rails. The one in particular that would shock people here is Los Angeles. Los Angeles has done some incredible expansions in the last 15 years. I like to look at the number of track but from what I've wagered, they've probably quadrupled in the last twelve to 15 years. What they've done with above ground and below ground stations is introduced turnstiles. They found a way to do it and they're even introducing tap to exit. They found a way to do it. Los Angeles just past Chicago is the highest or just past Chicago in ridership for metros across the country. So they're figuring something out. They're doing it pretty well. I think it's silly for us to not consider putting that in. It also helps reduce the burden for having to check tickets and so forth. Everyone just wants a seamless experience and they want a safe experience by having people pay tickets and actually work through turnstiles. No one has to guess who's paying, who's not paying. You don't have to have the uncomfortable conversation. Did you pay? Did you not pay? It's clear as day metros that are doing it well are following this route. And what's more, star and trib ran an article, I think, back in January to look at what St. Louis is doing to improve safety on their systems. St. Louis is considering they may have actually decided on it, to go back on their decision to come back to their stations and put turnstiles in. The way I look at it, we have crime, crimes going to happen in different situations. We have to mitigate it. We have to be smart. Let's build this thing. Let's build it right. And let's build it right. Thank you. Thank you. Tim McDonald 3813 Regent I got a lot of friends on both sides of this issue and it kind of speaks to my heart. I know their hearts, I care about them. But it's like, it seems like if you notice tonight, most of the people that recently moved here tend to be more towards let's bring in, let's bring in light rail, whereas the longtime residents have a harder time with it. And I think it would be foolish not to learn from the mistakes that we're already seeing the green line go through. Whether you want to just look at the ten years over, the billion and a half over. Aside from that, though, the guy who was right before me here now, he's the first person I heard with something constructive. The turnstile thing sounds like a concrete way to actually mitigate some of the problems that I keep seeing. But, you know, these are all peripheral and everyone's going to address all these things. My main concern is the crime. And I know that a lot of people like to say that bringing up that issue is a veiled racial tactic, that it's really speaking to a racial divide rather than, you know, prime in itself. And I just don't think that's fair because crime is real. And when you're a victim of crime, and I know many, it doesn't matter what the race of the person who victimized you is. So I have friends who are MCTC drivers, and they know a lot of train operators, motormen. And one of the things that made me unhappy is to find out that they're specifically instructed by MTC, nothing to share their experiences with crime and vagrancy and things like that. And there's repercussions if employees were to be open about some of the things they encounter. And to me, since this is a public issue, that's a little disingenuous for a private company to be able to affect public policy. So I just hope there's a better, a better attempt, a more sincere attempt to address the crime problems and actually solve them before bringing it on through. And I think at the very least, a substantial delay is the only logical thing with. I'll bring one other thing up. With the dawn of remote working, the whole dynamics of commuting is in flux right now, and there's a lot of commercial buildings that are downsizing and just realizing that concentrating business activity in the urban area is not necessarily the model going forward. So since we're in the state of transition, I think at the very least it's a responsible thing to pause, maybe go forward with it when some of the problems are realistically addressed. Maybe not throw bad money after good, because, you know, if you can't learn from someone else's mistake, that's just sad. Anyway, thanks for hearing me out and, you know, God bless you. Thank you, Mayor Blanagan. Council members, I'm Dan Doar, the pastor of Elam Lutheran Church at 3978 West Broadway. We've lived there over a hundred years. I want to publicly thank all of you for your thoughtfulness and your thorough examination of this very important public issue. I just want to clarify the letter that we submitted as a part of your packet. It's our effort as a congregation to also be very thorough and to communicate our perspective on the light rail extension. This letter was addressed to the folks at metro transit, folks that have been hosting open houses. It's our way of conveying to them how the current design would impact us as a congregation and our future. I'll let you look at that letter. And again, thank you for your attention to the details of that letter, and thank you for the way in which you're approaching this important issue. Thank you. Hi, Mayor Blahgan, council members, my name is Nikki Leingang. I live at 29 39 Ewing Avenue North. I just wanted to express my strong support for the light rail. I am so excited about the idea that I can walk ten minutes from my front door, get on a train that will take me to downtown, to the airport. Really? Anywhere else in the metro that you can name for a while. When my partner and I first moved here, we were a one car household, which was difficult to maintain after a while due to the irregularity of buses. Having a train that would come right to our neighborhood would allow us so much more flexibility in how we are getting to our jobs, to our recreational activities. Really, everything else. Somebody had mentioned earlier, this is an investment for future generations. And I think that that really is the, you know, the main thing for consideration for me, that light rail serves all this is a way that we are making a community that can address the climate crisis, that can provide equitable transportation options for everybody, regardless of their income. It's also a much safer way to get around than a single occupancy vehicle. And, I mean, admittedly, there are some real concerns with safety on light rail. But I think that we also need to put into perspective how many people die in traffic, especially on a roadway like Batineau Boulevard, where at grade crossings for pedestrians, traffic moving at a high rate of speed is just really unsafe for a lot of people. So I know that there's a lot of things that you all are considering around, whether you're going to vote to give consent or what changes you're going to request. From the conversations that we've had and the things that I've seen, I know that the things that you are thinking about are really honest and productive changes that would benefit the city of Robbinsdale. And I really trust and respect the leadership that you've shown throughout this whole process. I would urge you to consider a clean yes vote on this. I think that it is important for us as a city to demonstrate our belief not only in the value that this project will bring to our community, but also to every community that has the option of a multiple, multibillion dollar investment like this. I think that denying municipal consent gives an in for people that have a vested interest in opposing transit development across the board and makes it harder for other communities in the future to be able to benefit from a project like the blue line extension is going to be for Robinsdale. That's it. Thank you so much. Thank you. Hello, city council. Good to see you. My name is Lou Ambrose. I live at 3860 Lakeland Avenue North, 70 year resident of Robbinsdale. The light rail will run about 50ft from my back door, so I am not thrilled about that idea. I do support light rail. The concept, I preferred it where it should have gone on the railway as it was originally planned. But I would like to point out that the metro council, I very much oppose a clean yes vote. I think we need to say no because it's the only way you might be able to get them to listen to you, and I'm even concerned that that won't do it. But they've proved themselves to be very poor project managers and very poor runners of the current bus and light rail transit. From a safety standpoint to glitchy apps on the buses. I just think that they're poorly run and they're not accountable to the people. So to give them more money to disrupt more lives does not make sense to me. So at least please get some stipulations that they have to listen to Robinsdale about safety and other concerns that we have. Thank you. Thank you. Hello, council thank you, mayor and council, for taking our comments tonight. I am Barb Miller, 3264 Ewing Avenue north, and I've been in my house since 1997, so about 27 years I've been a resident of Robbinsdale, so most of the years I've lived here in Minneapolis. I did submit my comments online during the comment period, but just several things have changed since this started about 1015 years ago when it was going to go down the Burlington Northern tracks. And I can say I was for the train then. It seemed like it would be a logical way to do it. It would be maybe a little bit simpler and it wouldn't be dividing our city in half as a small inter ring suburb. It concerns me. The route right now down 81, it would really literally divide our small community for years just during the construction. So there's perks and benefits to light rail, but I just see this route as being the wrong route and it's unfortunate that it changed when it was supposed to be completed in 2020 or so. So we're still having this conversation years later with an entirely different picture. Some of the things I mentioned was the, as North Memorial gentleman stated, the at grade station at North Memorial. When we live by North Memorial, we hear the sirens, we see the ambulances daily, many times a day, and it is concerning to think about those coming from Minneapolis and what would that look like with car train collisions, especially at 01:00 a.m. when a car is bringing a gunshot victim for drop off, it happens quite a bit, especially on the weekends. Any of us that read the crime reports see that also the way they have changed. 81 southbound at Abbott by North memorials parking ramp down to one lane for those of us that live over there. And when they were reconstructing the bridge for two years, and they had that down to one lane southbound 81, that was terrible driving into Minneapolis, because cars do not play well when they're trying to go into South Minneapolis. And there's a lot of speeding, a lot of cutting in. So it concerns me that they want to bring that 81 down to one lane going into north. I have taken the bus for five years, from 2015 to 2020 until lockdown, I took the number 14 down Broadway downtown. Every day to my job. I've seen downtown or seen Broadway, and I've seen the business owners there that are trying to make a go of it. And so it concerns me, too, for North Minneapolis, what this could do, depending on the route through north. For many years of construction, since lockdown, I have not gotten back on the bus. The crime does concern me as a female, as a single female, you're in a constant state of awareness as a female, and the crime in north still concerns me, and I'm not getting back on that bus carrying a computer bag. There's just not going to be the way it is. Plus, I only go downtown one day a week now. Hybrid is here to stay. Companies are offering it. Employees want it. They will work from home. Target has very much embraced working from home. Two of my friends that live on drew for target work from home, except for the two times they have to go downtown mandated by Target. So it's now a way of life. Bus ridership is down. Downtown is having a challenge coming back. As we've seen with the commercial property. Office spaces are decreasing. They're turning office buildings into apartment buildings downtown to try and give them revitalization. But there are issues with companies going downtown, as many companies that are moving into downtown. Maybe there are companies also moving out of downtown just for the safety and sake of their employees safety. So please consider those options, and thank you for your time. Thank you. Hi, my name is Aaron Richens. I live over on 50 216 44th Avenue. One thing I like to say about the light rail, it seems very exciting to have it and have the opportunity to go downtown and not only experience a good, fun atmosphere, but also use it for employment. Unfortunately, I don't agree with that. I think that I have had many, many tens of friends that have lost their job, lost their employment downtown, have been told to go work remotely. Unfortunately, that's the same thing with me. My employer said, you're not working. We're working remotely entirely. When we talk about investment and our investment in our buildings and things like that, these companies, they're just as nimble as we would like to be, but they're not weighed down. What did my company do? It sold its property immediately and said, everybody is 100% remote. We're not going back. Learn to deal with it. I think when we talk about public transportation, it's very important, but I think you also need to make sure you have a very nimble and flexible opportunity for that. And when you put light rail in the ground, it's very hard to dig that up and move it to differing areas where the population changes faster than light rail can keep up. As I think a lot of people have expressed, they may not like buses, but they're cheaper, faster, more flexible. In addition to that, when we talk about the investment that's needed with light rail, it is an investment that will be with us forever and it will be a burden on our children to pay for it. So it's not just a thing of, yeah, we want it. It's going to show opportunity for our children, but it's also going to be an opportunity for them to pay for it as well. And I don't think that's responsible. So thank you. Thank you. Good evening, mister mayor and council. I am not totally against the light rail. It's just a terrible design. So what's your name, sir? Oh, I'm sorry. I'm Bob Roush. I live in 3815 Crystal Lake Boulevard. Thank you, sir. The design of it will literally destroy the downtown business area for some time. How much of it will remain? Only time could tell that. So that's number one objection to it. Starting on the south end by north Memorial, they're about a block plus away. Convenient. Yes and no. Their main objection initially, let's build it and have the stations where the people are. Not too many people would be in 40th Avenue station. The apartment buildings are all south of there on 36. That would be a better location for a platform. Every time you have a platform, you have a rise in little petty miscellaneous law problems. You're going to put that right in the middle of a residential area. Wonderful plan. I mean, safety is the number one thing about it. Not everybody's going to have it at their doorstep. Not everybody wants it, but the design is not sound. Eventually they want to get to the railroad proximity railroad right away so they can justify their boondoggle on 63rd. They're going to disturb that bum that's sleeping in a corner, but well, too bad. Back to safety. Copperfield on one end of the downtown area and I can't come up with the name of the one on the north end. They are literally going to be having to go one end or the other because the fencing. So there's a lot of issues that I don't think they look at. So with that comments thank you again. Thank you very much. Hi, Jonathan Hanson, 3927 Noble Avenue north. You have leverage now to negotiate for the best interest of Robbinsdale and that leverage will not increase with a no boat. I will go over some of the information that, you know, we all know or should know by now. Light rail costs less than BRT. When you factor in operating and maintenance costs, transit times will be reduced by up to half with light rail and will increase equity for the roughly 150,000 people who live near the extension route. Work from home has been a thing for a long time. I have worked from home off and on for 20 years myself and lots of businesses that went remote are going back to the office. So that is a tired talking point at this point that, you know, it simply is not the reality for a lot of workers. Also, concentrating homelessness and crime is not a solution. Programs to house the homeless and help drug users get back on their feet is the solution. Robbinsdale police have pointed out multiple times in 2001 and earlier this year that criminals don't take light rail to go commit crimes. It doesn't make sense for criminals because you'll be on video at multiple points and metro transit security will be there. A number of people have brought up metro transit security. Obviously, as you know, they had to lobby and get a law passed at the state legislature to allow private security and since that has been passed and gone into effect, crime has gone down. I will also point out that the North Memorial station was changed from elevated to grade due to resident feedback. So it's curious that it's being asked to go back up to elevated by some. Also, crime near stations is not the purview of metro Transit. I hear over and over and over crime near Lake street or near but not in and that is a very big difference. MPD obviously is the the entity that needs to take care of that crime. That is not metro Transit. Light rail were spurred development. Almost 40% of regional development occurred within a half mile of high frequency transit, which accounts for just over 3% of the land. Also, another talking point that I hear is that this light rail will divide our city, which is not true because 81 is such a dividing line that we already use it for our ward boundaries. So that is not going to change. We do have a number of people that live along the route that will benefit from light rail because they are dependent on metro transit. It and a lot of people do not or cannot drive. As for safety, taking the train is 17 times safer than driving and putting light rail down. 81 is nothing like Rondo if you know the context of that project. So I find that comparison really offensive. For equity, the environment for our residents, for our small businesses and for our future, I strongly suggest a clean yes vote on municipal consent with working with partners, metro Transit and others to make sure that we have things like, you know, noise cancellation for different people along the route. I do strongly suggest that we move the station. Thank you. Bruce Bauer, 4300 Unity. Just wanted to let you guys know before you make any decision, the transfer station that's down by the twin stadium that this is going to come out of. Why don't you all go take a little walk through there, met council, Hennepin county and the twins stadium. I'll take care of that building. And when you go in there, you wonder what the smell is. It's feces. It's pee, it's dope. It's drugs. Ever since the building's opened, it's been that way. And it's not the garbage dump that's burning right next door. It's the people that live in there and that are going to be coming to this community because it's a free ride. Just think about it. No, no. Go ahead. Good evening. James Johnson. 3421-2612 Avenue North, Robinsdale. I lived in Robinsdale now going on 74 years. The house I came to, I'm still living in. I have been in the bus business, my family, for most of those years, and we developed bus services and we worked and looked at transportation models around the country. When we developed our services, we ran. Maybe you've heard of the Plymouth Metrolink. That service, that was one of our original designs was that service out there. And we ran the University of Minnesota inter campus bus service. So we had mass transit experience. The issue with Robinsdale is that demographics do not support light rail, don't have the density of population, and with the lakes and the railroad, you don't have any way to mitigate that. You've got to live with the corridor you got. And the sad thing is you've got excellent feeder bus service. And those feeders, in order to make light rails survive, you got to have lots of them. That traffic, the congestion, it's going to bog down. And with Highway 100 running so close by, traffic isn't going to come through Robbinsdale anymore because bypass. So the community, the downtown, say goodbye. It's going. And if you really want to benefit the community, it's to get the light rail where it belongs, in a corridor where it's going to add capacity to the transportation system, not compete with it. Here are to compete with it. The good feeder bus service you have would have to go away because those 1200 or 12,000 passengers, they talk about where are they going to come from? They're coming off buses. And if you take the buses out of the picture to keep the light rail healthy, well, they're going to bypass, they're not going to have the feeders. You can't all walk four blocks to a station in the wintertime. It's not practical. And that's the only way you're going to get ridership up is get people to walk a long ways. So it's just not the right place to build it. Now, there is a better place to put it. It's over at Penn Avenue. Come out Olson highway from the downtown station where it ends and go up Penn Avenue to the north and develop Brookdale. Look at that beautiful facility there. Put office, put housing, a lot of real estate there. You could put a parking ride right at high 100 where it crosses and get commuter lines going down. High 100, you dine it. You can connect with the Plymouth metrolink in the west and have a time transfer. All these things are possible, but running it up Robinsdale, it ain't going to work. And it isn't about crime and the other things you have that wherever you go, but it's about resource allocation and the cost. Back when I was involved, I did lobbying at the legislature for these programs and one of the statistics that stuck out, they did a study of the transportation here in the twin Cities. Only 7% of the trips going from downtown Minneapolis out to the suburbs, 93% cross, but they don't go. You build a light rail if only 7% of the population, or population trips don't make a lot of sense. Thank you. Thank you. I hate to follow that. I was trying to get up here quick because I didn't, I didn't realize you could come up more than once. So I got to get up here fast so I can get up here a few more times after this. My name is John Perkins, and I hesitate to give my address up publicly. I did fight like most of us did in the. In the terrorist theater wars, and I was attacked. But I'll go ahead and do it. I live at 4221 Beard Avenue north, and I'm here also to ask you to let this thing happen. I'd like to see this light rail come through town. Let's see. I have notes here. Right? We're concerned now about cost and into the future. We're concerned now about crime. And these were not necessarily the concerns we had when we were putting up the grocery store. I was here all worried about a 24 hours convenience store. Back then, that wasn't a concern. Well, we know what happened with that. We no longer have a 24 hours convenience store. I was concerned about cost, too. You know, we look into the future for the cost of this light rail, and we looked into the future with the grocery store, and we didn't mind giving them a huge, fat taxes and a financing gig. This is important, I think, for Robbinsdale, and I also think, for the greater community. You guys are for Robinsdale. We know from the period of time that you've served Robbinsdale, and I have to imagine that you guys are wise as well and that you see yourselves also as part of the greater community. You know, if you spread out there on the Robinsdale map, we're part of a bigger community, and we're part of a bigger community that needs this transportation, in my humble opinion. I thought it was a. I thought it was interesting reading the. You know, the stop the light rail propaganda. They're concerned about other things, like what it will do to Elamine's fish house down on 81 farther. If you go check out Elamine's fish house, if that was destroyed, that would not be a tragedy. It's been derelict for decades. We're making up reasons to be opposed to this. It's a perfect line for the light rail here. I believe this is coming. I think some intrepid Robbinsdale city council is going to let this happen, and I hope it's you guys. I hope it's one of the last things that our long serving mayor will help bring to this community. I really strongly encourage you do it, locals. There will be some vocal people who are opposed to it. It's gonna. There's gonna be tractors around. There's gonna be disruption with the construction. For years, we didn't mind about that when we were putting in the grocery store, you know, tractors all over the place. This is obviously a much bigger project, and. And it's necessary, I think. I think it. It would be great to have. Oh, shoot. I was thinking about. Oh, well, first of all, just to honor our mayor, who is a lefty. My mom is a lefty. Back from the days they used to make you go righty, you know, so she's got that weird handwriting. My daughter also is a lefty. So honoring the lefties on the city council here, I think the light rail would go right near our mayor's house. We could put in some noise abatement there. We could put in an extra stop there, you know, while we're in on the planning early. So I just want to say to please let this happen. I encourage you to do it, to be the ones who did it. And thank you for your time. Thank you very much. Oh, was that perfect? Could I just give you a quick and rest story? Why don't you do that after everybody else has spoken? Okay, fair enough. I got a great. And rest. You guys see me in the parking lot. Claudia Pule, 4556 Lake Drive. I'm going on my soap opera discussion right now. I am not a poor person. I am a human being. And this is the conversation I get all the time, especially when I'm getting on the city bus. I get comments of, why are you on the city bus? You shouldn't be on there. You have handicapped transportation. Granted, I do, but I want that freedom of the city bus, and I would love to see the light rail come through. That would give me the other option and other folks with disabilities and seniors to be able to have that option. So I'm talking to everybody out here saying, I am not poor. I am not a disabled handicapped person. I am a person, and everyone is a person, and we all need to work together. Thank you. Thank you. My name is Mark Bettinge. I'm living at 4207 beard. And I'll be honest with you. This is the first time I've ever come to a council meeting. We've been here since 1988. And when we first moved in, it was your typical blue collar small town that we enjoyed. I'm not against, you know, future. I'm not against that. And I. I don't envy you guys at all. But what we're really dealing with is two mindsets. You have us that have been here forever thinking, wait a minute, you're gonna change our whole town? You're gonna change. You're gonna make things uncomfortable for us, and then we have the younger mindset that said, yes, we want change. We want that. And I'll be honest with you, I'm not sure how I feel about it. I really don't. I'm really not. But there's some concerns that only. I'll be honest, my feeling is that it doesn't matter what you all vote anyways. The Met council is already made their decision. It's going to happen. And so really what I have to do then is I have to change my mindset. Either am I going to be angry about it or am I going to just, this is the way it is, and change how I, you know, reframe the situation. I'm hoping that when it goes in, because I truly believe that's what's going to happen. I'm not saying I'm for it. I'm not saying I'm against it, but I'm just hoping it does not become a new low income housing on wheels. I'm hoping that it truly, everybody deserves transportation and to do it well. But my concern is really, who's watching, who, who's overseeing, really, what happens between Highway 100 and Broadway? Is that your concern? Is that our concern? Or is the Met counsel what it is and what it is? And unfortunately, we won't know that until it's already in and up and going. And then possibly it might be too late. I'm not telling you to vote no. I'm not telling you to vote yes. I'm just saying think about the mindset of what a lot of us sitting here are about, is that this is a big deal to us. It's a big change for us. And those that are younger have been here a shorter time. I'm not disputing their feelings either. But change is coming. Change is going to happen. But I just want you to know that I pray for you. I do. I mean it. Because what you do is not easy. You get a lot of crap from people, but you also get. I want to encourage you, too, that says, I appreciate what you guys have done. I've seen your names for years and you've stuck with it. And you've made some hard decisions. I've seen a lot of great decisions and I've seen some decisions like. Like, what in the world were you thinking? But I just want to encourage you that it's going to happen, what it's going to be, and just be aware of us that have been here for a while. The mindset is, change is hard. Thank you. Thank you. Fred Glover. 3355 York Avenue North. I wasn't going to get up because I think everything's been said, and I don't think I can say it better than they said it. But there seems to be a misconception that if we don't have light rail, then we don't have transportation. And I think that concept in the room needs to be corrected because we can put in these electric rapid, rapid transit buses for millions of dollars, as opposed to light rail for billions of dollars. So for one 10th or less of the money, we can put in more buses that have electronic apps that work and have platforms. And it will bring disruption because they'll have to build new bus stops for the new buses because of the electronics. You see them around town, they have them on Penn avenue and they can build more of them. The problem I have with light rail is it's too expensive. We can't afford it. It's too slow when it runs at grade. It is the slowest mode of public transportation, slower than buses significantly. And it's the problem I also have with it is another speaker mentioned. It's not flexible. Downtown has changed. We're not going back to all working in cubicles anymore. As much as the mayor of Minneapolis and the downtown tower owners would like to think it's not probably going to happen. Things do change. The future does change things. And when the change comes in the future, rapid transit bus is flexible. It can react, and a route where it needs a route. Light rail is in the ground and it shakes when it goes by. Worked downtown for 37 years. It shakes when it goes by. But it isn't moving. That's all it can do, is stay right there. So I really think that this is not the time for light rail because society office work is in flux. It's changing. The pandemic taught us that it's changing, and now is not the time to put in a very, very expensive fixed destination transportation system. It just doesn't make sense to me. We can't afford it. I'm now retired, and so I'm a little tax fatigued. And what I don't want is more expense added to the city I live in or the surrounding communities that I live in. Thank you. Thank you so much. Jerry Blem, 2605 Parkview. Been here since 1958. Love Robinsdale. Appreciate all the things you guys have done to keep Robbinsdale a great place. It's my understanding that only 30% of the groundwork has been done. Can I ask that question? Is that where they're at, 30% of the engineering okay, so with that being said, 30% of the engineering is done. We don't know the whole outcome, what it's going to look like and everything. So not sure how you can vote with community consent on something that we don't know. The full Venus project outlay of it. Okay. Last year, after the meeting at Elm Lutheran church that the Met council put on that night, I sent 15 questions in an email to Kirsten Yeager. You all know who she is. And she called me the next day. She says, those are a lot of questions to answer in the email now. So she invited me to their headquarters in St. Louis Park. I met with her and Nick, the head engineer. Okay. I kind of thought Dan would have been there and Charlie Zell, but no, these all pertain to safety. And one of my question was, what if a kid fell on his bike and was laying on the tracks? What if there's a disabled car on the tracks because it broke down? Is there a device that sends a signal to the train? Well, the answer is no. They said that they have a complete line of vision. That night, a car in Minneapolis got t boned where the light rail did not stop for the light, the red light that they had, and hit the car that had the right of way. I've talked to all of them ever since this. You said they have a complete line of vision. Okay, so one of my safety things, I'm gonna give all of you guys a copy. I did give Miss Pearson, I got another one here for the other last week at the Elam Lutheran meeting. A few of you have given over the years. The last year of this, if you could take a look at this, has all got to do with safety. You know, people crossing the road where the trains are, the snow removal, you guys talked about that using the correct salt. That's not going to ruin the mechanisms and sensors in there. Who's going to be out there shoveling, make that ADA compliant for people to get across there. You guys plow the roads, they come down with the train. Now there's more snow in the way and stuff. Whose responsibility is to keep all those areas clean? Clean and open? Okay, so all of my questions are, I'm not saying I'm pro light rail against light rail. I'm saying these are all safety concerns that will directly affect the city of Robinsdale. And one of the bad things was the answer. When an emergency vehicle, say, for example, is going northbound and a train is going northbound, emergency vehicles, they have what's called an opticom that makes their stop light be green. We know that because the little flashing light is on or solid light is on the white light. When I found out that the emergency vehicles have to yield to the train, so that's not good. That's all us residents taking our life in our hands. The ambulance fire truck can't get to somebody's house in time, so. And you can get that answer from met counsel. They will tell you emergency vehicles will have to yield to them, especially if they're going to try to take a left up front. So thank you. Thank you. Good evening. Tracy Boyle. 4519 Robins Circle. I think public transportation is a great thing. I, in my past life, was a transportation commuter. When I lived in a different city, I thought it was great. I am not for the light rail project. Light rail is expensive and it's not flexible. Once those rails go in, we can't change them. And so all development has to follow a decision that got made how many ever decades previously with the engineers. I support bus routes. I think they're flexible. They can be adjusted based on employment and economic trends. I went to the meeting out in Brooklyn Center, Brooklyn park, one of those other meetings, and the talk was that a lot of commuters would be going out to jobs in those communities. I think we talk a lot about people going downtown, and that's not just the direction that it would go. It would also go the other way for people to have jobs out there. But those businesses also are going to spread out. And a bus system is a much more flexible system. Additionally, I studied the design drawings on what this was would look like. I'm an architect. It makes my heart hurt to see what our community would look like with the current design going down Broadway and how it would split, how our city feels, how it functions. That makes me very sad. So I'm pro transportation. I'm against the light rail. I desperately want to see a robust solution to this. It's more flexible for a lot of reasons. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, Greg Salyers. 3980 Lake curve Avenue. Just quick question. This survey that was done last week, numbers 76% don't agree with the alignment. What are we going to do with this information? Are we going to pocket it or we going to listen to it? Let the people kind of have answered, but what they agree with the alignment, regardless, if you want this thing or you don't, let's just get it right. We gotta spend an extra couple bucks, make sure it's safe. I think we should, because once it's in, it's in safety. Is key. I don't care if it has to go underneath the ground or above ground. Let's just keep this Robinsdale residence safe. I just want safe. So, if we have to go back to med council, maybe ask for a couple more bucks if we have to delay it. And I know some of you don't want to do that, but if we have to. For the. For the people. I'm your people. You're my people. We're all people. Regardless if you want this thing or not. Let's. I want it done right. Want safe. If we can move the station up a little bit. You know, right now, it seems to be kind of like a park and ride. Why don't we do a little park and ride and visit? Meaning if we can bring it up a little bit, let's encourage people to come to Robbinsdale, spend some money instead of just park and ride and go. Maybe bringing up a half a block. I'm asking half a block from 40. Between 40 and 41st in the middle. Maybe we can do that, especially if we don't. If Med council doesn't pass the elevation from 42nd, maybe the door is open now. Maybe we can move the station half a block. Just saying. Half a block. Keep the parking, keep the bus in where it's at. The new us bank half blocked up. Might make some people happy at 40th, you know, it might bring some people in to rob, and they'll spend some money. You know what I mean? That's what we want. So I appreciate you guys. This ain't easy. This shit ain't easy. All right. I love you guys. I love you people. Robbinsdale. So, what's best, right? Thanks. Thank you so much, mister mayor, councilman. Nice to see you guys. George Ross, 4023 Hubbard. I am not a proponent of the light rail. Never have been. I've grown up. I grew up over in the Camden area, and I've lived here between the two for the last 68 years. I always liked Camden and the north side. It was a very small town feel. And when I got married, we moved here, it was kind of halfway. My wife was Crystal. I was north side. This was about as close to Camden in a small town and community as I could see without going to Hopkins, Wayzata, Laconia. Those were small towns. Still had that small town feel, but they had gotten very popular and very busy, if you want to say, didn't maintain that still small community. I guess I looked at some of the safety issues from here. The information you can look up just to. Not necessarily crime. That is something I'd be concerned about that's followed the light rail. But if you look at deaths that have occurred, 2013 to 20 1916 years, 16 deaths, I don't have anything after that. But it's one a year that may not seem like a lot if it's somebody in your family or, you know, it's pretty close to home. And that's safety concern beyond the crime, which I think follows that. The fact that, you know, met counsel, not met counsel, I'm sorry, but the current, what they've tried to do with beefing up their security, you know, the fact that they've made such a big deal about it tells you how bad it is. And I don't think they've been successful with it as well. They're not waving any banners about their success. So don't see how you're going to just expand that line and make it better by expanding. Also, when you look at, you know, my first job when I got out of north side was down in south Minneapolis. I worked, I was an installer, and I moved between St. Paul, Marshall, Lake Street, University, Hiawatha, all those now have light rail on them. And I know part of its economics, but if you drive or go there, it's kind of desolate. It's not very warm and friendly. You want to park. The businesses aren't really flourishing. Broadway is the same. Broadway was pretty popular when I was a kid, and so was Plymouth. And there are other reasons. It's not the light rail or transit, but those areas in general have gone down. But when you go look at them in the walls that when you go down Hiawatha, the walls where wherever there's a crossing, you know, that are blocking the communities from one side of the street to the other. It's not very inviting. I always thought Robbinsdale was inviting. I would look at right now a community that's similar, having a similar issue is Brooklyn center. They have the 252 project. If you're not aware of it, they're trying to explain, expand 94 from north Minneapolis up to 85th. The mayor and the council there are vigorously opposing Met council, the state. They're fighting really hard, and honestly, they're on a different side of the aisle than I am politically. But I take my hat off to that mayor that she's willing to stand, stand up and fight for her citizens who are not in favor of that coming through there. I also would look at the 76% that said they were not in favor of your. On the survey that opposed that. And I'm wondering how many of you will champion their concerns and oppose this. Thanks for your time. Thank you very much. Hello, mayor and council. My name is Missy Strauch. I'm at 40. 217 40th Avenue north. And I'm one of the four houses right on 40th across from Copperfield that will be about 50 yards from the 40th stop. That concerns me. I'm concerned for safety. I'm concerned for what that's going to do to that intersection. But I also live in a home that's about. That is 100 years old. I've been in Robbinsdale now for over 20 plus years, and my home is a stucco home. And so I'm going to echo what since speaker said, let's make sure we're getting this right. If this is going to happen, make sure that we're talking to the engineers. The horror stories that we're hearing about other places that have had cracks in their buildings, they can't sell their condos, the track is too close. They didn't anticipate that. That consumer me. So if there's going to be vibrations in the earth, are there sinkholes? That concerns me. So I just urge you. I know this is a tough decision. I'm not for the white rail that goes down 81. I was for it when it was on the original track. And I also don't have a good feeling when we hear about how the Met council is trying to just shove this down their throat. We should be able to have a say. It's a community. We should be able to work as a community to figure out what's best for the community. Thank you. Thank you. Anybody else? Anybody else? Hi, I'm Jackie Delaney Meyer. My address is 4513 Orchard Avenue north. And I am concerned about the light we are all going through. A lot of it is because of my close proximity to where the rail will be. I'm near the intersection of 47th and 8th. So in order to get out of my neighborhood, I have to cross. That's the only way out. There's a lake behind me, so I have to cross those tracks. So there'll be constructions for years. Plus just a permanent rail system. I'm concerned about the elimination of the lanes from three lanes to two on County Road 81 and the impact that's going to have on traffic on the many stop lights that we have there, the ability to get on Highway 100. It's very heavily trafficked right now, so I'm anticipating a lot of traffic backups and concerns. I'm also concerned, as mentioned, about the crime potential. I'm looking at a website called the americanexperiment.org and basically saying federal data shows that Twin Cities light rail is the most dangerous in America and it's comparing it to many major cities. So go ahead and take a look. This is from November 2 of 2022. So it's not exactly brand new data, but it's basically looking at a lot of different aspects that we are the most dangerous. So obviously, there's been a lot of concerns voiced about that. So, and I am concerned as well. Of course, cost is a huge issue. And as mentioned by others here, I think something that has, like the electric buses, less expensive, more the ability to be able to change things rather than have an embedded system that you cannot change and spend billions of dollars on. So just echoing what's been said by other people tonight, thank you. Thank you. I think I saw somebody else. Karen Schull, 3939 Crystal Lake Boulevard. You've all heard me speak a million times, so I won't say my words tonight. I did fill out the survey. I noticed I had several letters in to you over the years, so you can just refer back to those of all my concerns. But my question tonight is what are you going to do with the survey that was taken? What is that going to? What purpose is that for? Can anyone answer that? Is that all that kind comments you have before we answer that? You can answer that. But one other thing. On the 17th, when we come to speak about the naming of the park, can we have a survey going of what the name should be? Is there any going to be any discussion of that at that time where we can vote on the naming of the park and any other comments before we answer your questions? That should do it. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. Yep. Okay, Tim. Mister mayor, council. So as has been indicated by the council for the survey, feedback, not just the aggregate, but all of the written out, that's for the council to do with what they will. Of course, not a statistically significant survey survey, but a lot of great information in there. So I can't speak to individuals, but generally speaking, that was the intention, that was the request of council to host that for the public hearing. Separate to what we're discussing here tonight. The council doesn't need to necessarily take formal action that night. They will review the two applications that have been submitted and then we'll give staff direction on next steps, which may or may include a variety of things. So come to the meeting on the 17th if you want to hear about that. Anybody else? Bart Miller again, 32 64 Ewing and I just want to reiterate what the other woman said about her 10 zero year old home. The housing stock in Robbinsdale is 70 to 80 to 100 years old. We have old homes. We are an inner ring old suburb. My house is seven years old. And it is a concern for those residents that live nearer to the construction zone. What routes do they have if something happens to their house, if the walls start cracking, if their basement floods? If you've been following that southwest extension through south Minneapolis and that dense urban area, it's gone through that old condo building that had cracked walls. They flooded their parking garage with this construction. So there, I think, are valid concerns and consequences that could happen from the construction, the heavy equipment to our houses in that area. So what is going to be the route to remediation that we have with metro council? Where do we go to Robsdale Metro Council, you know, and who's going to give us the answers for fixing our homes if something happens? And how do we have to prove that? What's the answers to that question if something happens? Because I'm sure people in south Minneapolis have been experiencing this with cracked walls or such, living in my house. I've seen how my house settles and my steps have moved and we live in clay and we live in soft ground. So there's going to be issues with the housing stock being as as it is here in Robbinsdale. So thank you. Okay. Thank you. Anybody else? Anybody first timers? Okay. Hearing none. Is there a motion to close the public hearing? I moved to close the public hearing. Is there a second? 2nd all those in favor signify by saying aye. Aye. Aye. Those opposed say no or nay. That motion carries. So we're going to go on to the next thing. But I do, and I suspect maybe other council members do also want to thank you for your input, not only tonight, not only in the last month, but through a course of years here, we have received a flavor of what the community and communities have to say about this. I would say that we're not doing our job unless we could pick out of a hat a position that we don't know about, that we're supposed to take, and we should be able to reiterate what that, or argue what that position is. And I think we all can because we've all listened to all of the different things that everybody has to say, and I'm going to be very surprised if there's even one person that we fully satisfy on what we do. But we have listened to you, other council members. Sure. Yeah. Thanks, Mayor and yeah, I just want to reiterate that. Thank you, everybody for coming out. As I've said before, I kind of wish engagement was this high for other city issues. So please stay informed on other things, but apart from this. And then I can't speak to discussions that happen outside of this room. But I just want to thank everybody tonight that we're that spoke and everyone was very courteous, not only to us, but more importantly to one another. And that's really important when we're talking about an issue like this. So I just want to commend everybody for making an effort to be neighborly to everyone. Yeah. So thank you for coming. Thank you. Thanks, Mister mayor. Yeah, thanks everybody for coming tonight. I'll have a more prepared statement. I think all of us probably will the meeting on the 17th, at least for me, and I think everybody up here too. Your comments, everyone's comments are important and continue. We'll continue to be part of our discussions and mold and shape our decisions. So I just wanna at least have, you know, walking away tonight that I'm glad you're here and that everyone was listening to, and your comments are all valuable. So thanks. Yeah. And I guess I'll just reiterate, you know, thank you for coming and really appreciate the opinions. I'm the newest member of the council, so I've been out most recently knocking on doors and getting a lot of feedback. And that is all really valuable as far as the decisions that we need to make and helping us understand how we can represent your voices to the rest of the council, but also just to this project and what we're trying to accomplish for Robinsale. So thanks for being here. Appreciate it. Okay, next item on the agenda is the consideration of a consumption and display permit for 4130 Lakeland Avenue North. Mister mayor, council, if it okay with you, we'll just give it a minute to clear it out. All right. Yeah. I was going to ask you something, but I don't remember what it was. Okay. All right. You can just stay right there if you want to. Yeah. Okay. So it's kind of quiet now. Go ahead. Yeah. Thank you. So this item is on page 37 of our materials? I think so. Go ahead, Tim. Yeah. Thank you. Mister mayor. Council standpoint Event center at 4130 Lakeland Avenue is a place applied for what's called a consumption and display permit with the city. This was reviewed at the last city council meeting. Ultimately, council decided to table the item with some feedback, including the highlighting of some concerns the council had related to the permit application. As a reminder, under statute 340 a 414, parameters are set for a CD permit, including requirements, authorization, eligibility, the local consent requirement, which is what we're talking about here tonight, inspections and additional details. Further, Robbinsdale City Code 1225 outlines considerations for a CD permit, but those largely refer just directly to state statute language. The applicant who is here tonight has for several weeks been working with the city in a number of capacities and most recently again reached out for this CD permit application. A bit of a unique type of permit if you think here. Traditionally in the city, restaurants or breweries maintain different types of liquor licenses, and with these come certain protections either through insurance pieces, liquor liability. Again, some come with a bond that requires a certain adherence to safety and other types of protocol, whereas this does not. Ultimately, a CD permit provides a local authorization that then gets reviewed by the state. If the permit applicant is able to meet the requirements under statute as deemed by age, the alcohol, gambling and enforcement division of DP's that permit is then issued. In reviewing, the city manager and city attorney did not believe the event center qualified for the permit. Specifically under 348 414, subdivision two, eligibility includes restaurants, hotels, establishments, license for the sale of three 2% Malta liquor resorts as defined by state statute, clubs as defined by state statute, and bed and breakfasts. We do not believe that this event center falls under any of those establishments. Further, in working with the League of Minnesota cities to better understand how other cities navigate this kind of request, they provided guidance similar to our interpretation. But again, as we discussed a couple weeks ago when working with the Department of Public Safety Age Division, they interpreted statute a bit differently. Mister McManus, who's the program administrator for regulatory investigations of the Alcohol Enforcement Division, provided direct feedback largely based on past precedent. Ultimately, again, as council decided to table this permit application at the last meeting, some of the guidance given to staff was to work with the applicant to find what some of those assurances might be to shore up some of those concerns. We have not received any of those materials that we have discussed both electronically and on the phone. And I also want to further note that in those last couple of weeks, the building official, wanting to assure that proper occupancy was being adhered to, noticed some building permits had not been pulled. Occupancy in the former level was what was being observed on our end, whereas the room essentially had opened up and again, we had no awareness of this. Now, I will note in the last two weeks we've done some things to right those issues, but also during those inspections noted that one of the events was already serving alcohol, so again, would have been a violation without having this said permit. All that said staff recommends denial of the permit. At this time, none of those things have come through that council asked for and staff supported to that staff has included a resolution for your consideration. As noted, the applicant is here and I'm sure would be happy to address the council either before or after. Staff would be happy to respond to any questions, comments, or concerns. So unless there's objection from the city council, this is not a public hearing. Last time it was before us on August 20, we asked if somebody from your organization wanted to talk, and nobody was here. But now it appears you are here tonight. Do you want to identify yourself and then indicate to us what you want us to know? My name is Hannah Lahai. I have the event center on 4130 Lake Lane Avenue. I opened this event center since January. And the last couple of events that we've been having, an event that I've booked, a couple of them is weddings that would like to serve alcohol because I also lost business because when they come, I'll tell them I don't have the license. If you can find a caterer that will serve. That will cater and serve your alcohol, then you can bring in. In the past, Tim and I talked about whoever's catering, I need to have the license and they're serving alcohol. I need to have that. But some of my customers that have come pose an interest in me having the consumption display permit. This is why I started looking into it. And due to the Labor Day holidays, the insurance in peace that the city council asked me about. I do have insurance on the building. I have general liability and an umbrella one. But the. The alcohol part is taking a little bit because of the holiday. And today I got a word back from the person who's working with me. She said that she's still working on that. That's why I wasn't able to send that information to the city council. And Tim and I came up with some rules that I'm supposed to follow while we're there waiting. And my attorney sent a letter in today because again, Labor Day, he was gone. So some of those things came in later today. So you would like us to do what? I would like the consumption and display payment be approved in the process of me getting the insurance. That's a liquor insurance, extra insurance for that. And it takes a little bit to write that off from what I was told, because I thought that the insurance that I already have on the billing, Washington, was going to cover it until Tim said that it doesn't cover it, and we did more research on it. They do have insurance like that, but takes a little bit to get added onto my policy. So we had our city attorney draft a resolution pursuant to what we talked about at the August 20 meeting. And just the issuance of a permit was not the only problem that we had. I mean, we. There were concerns revealed by the inspection building official and the Robinsdale fire department concluding that prior occupancy designation was no longer effective. There's more problems than just thinking, whoa, she seems like a nice lady. Let's get a permit over to this nice lady. So we have worked on most of the stuff that they told me that I needed to do. The owner that has the building came up and did a new exit thing. The building official, Ross, I worked with approved temporary things for me to follow through, and then the fire marshal will come and inspect to make sure that we're filing what they lay up. They have the occupancy there. All last week were working over there. So there has been a lot of work over there. So unless other council members want to talk right now, do you have any recommendations or observations, Mister city manager? Yeah, thank you, mister mayor. Council would note the applicant is correct in that we continue to work for an event. Last weekend, we issued a temporary certificate of occupancy. This by no means addresses the concerns we have in the long term, would note. So unfortunately, we keep running into issues that could have been abated earlier in the process related to building related to occupancy, whether under the concern of the building official or fire marshal. Again, noting upon an inspection, which we were granted access, that alcohol was already being served in an event, we continue to see things that we're concerned about that I would note the issuing of this permit on any premises or with any considerations does not mitigate those concerns that we currently have. That's not to say that a permit application can't occur in the future. That's not to say that working with caterers that carry the proper license can't occur. There are other licensure pieces that the facility may be eligible for now, those come with an additional cost, but we would be happy to work with the applicant to again continue to address the concerns we have. But staff remains of recommendation of denial of the permit tonight. Aaron? Yeah, I said just following up on the kind of the in future piece. So is there any like, timeline or like a freeze that has to happen before any additional applications can be submitted? If this one is denied tonight, Mister mayor, council. Councilmember Wagner. Though there's nothing to say that a permit can't be applied for, even in the next two weeks. Those, you know, if something were to move that quickly, we would recommend that, you know, appropriate things that we've been discussing the last two weeks be considered, including insurance and other components for those safety concerns that we discussed at the last meeting. And then just another follow up. And then is the cost for the permits, is that received upon approval or is it upon application? Mister Mayor council, that's a great question. This is the first time that we've considered a consumption display permit in recent history. Our current fee schedule does not have a fee for a CD permit. Oh, okay. Thank you. I do. When I spoke to the alcohol gambling is $250, I think, for the permit upon approval of the city. So once the city sign up on it that I can get that license, I will pay them. Okay, thank you. Anybody else? So I'm looking at this and I'm seeing that we're trying to give you a temporary occupancy permit, and in fact, you do have a temporary occupancy permit. That the change in the problem is that we've indicated in our resolution the reasons that we don't think that you're eligible for a, what's it called? A consumption and display permit. A consumption and display permit. It's a cool thing because I can have my wedding event or my son's birthday party there without hiring a caterer or an on site bartender pursuant to a license, like restaurants in town. So it's cheaper for that person, but to me it doesn't meet. You'd be the first one in Robinsdale that had any of this. And without any regulations, it just doesn't meet the tests. Not that we can't work to have this kind of a consumption and display permit in the future, but I think really the crux of the question for your customer is, wow, this is going to cost more for alcohol because I've got to hire a bartender company that has the legal right to do this with permits and insurance and everything else. So I'm still inclined to go through with the denial of the consumption and display permit subject to working with you in the future. That's what my position is. So I would like to make a motion, and we had this new motion passed out tonight that is identical to that. The new thing that's passed out denying local consent for a consumption and display permit for Sandpoint events center. But the last whereas clause says, whereas when the application for this first permit first came before the city council on August 28, 2024, and the applicant was then afforded an opportunity to clarify, remediate, or explain its application. But no one was at the meeting to do so. I'd like to add another whereas clause semicolon. And whereas the applicant was at the September 3, 2024, meeting, and the council heard her concerns and requests. Now, the comma, therefore, comma, blah, blah. So that's my resolution. So. Moved. You're second. Oh, you moved. Seconded. Yeah. Not the norm. I'm sorry. That's okay. Okay. Anybody else? Any discussion? No. Just one quick thing, Hannah. We're very supportive of small business and Robbinsdale. It's what makes us unique. And if you haven't found out already, working with their city staff is very easy access to them. Is it? Has been. They have done. We've worked hard all last week. Good. So I. My only. I'm glad to hear that. And the only reason I bring that up, too, is, like, in the future, if there's anything different you want to do, I'd strongly encourage you just to call Tim and talk to him about it and so you can get things set up how you need them to run your business. So to avoid this, any sort of delays in the future. So that's it. Yeah. I just want to echo that, too, and just thank you for your involvement in the process and kind of getting more involved now, because I really want to see what you have going on succeed, and we also have to make sure that staff can do their job correctly as well. So I think this is a good balance between that, and I'm happy to hear that there isn't, like, a fee barrier or anything like that with at least the city side of things. So I hope to see this before us again soon. So please keep in touch with the city, as Councilman Murphy just said. So. Thank you. Okay, we have a motion on the floor. Anything else? Anybody? Let's do a roll call. Councilmember Wagner? Aye. Councilmember Murphy? Aye. Councilmember Greenberg? Aye. Mayor Bloningen? Aye. That motion carries. Okay. Please work with the staff. New. Other business. I'm sorry? New business is next. But we have no new business tonight. Then other business. Voucher requests pending approval. We have a copy of the voucher request at the table here. It's been sent to you in email. Is there a question or a comment or a motion with regard to the voucher requests? I move we approve the voucher requests. Second, all those in favor say aye. Aye. Those opposed say no or nay. That motion carries administrative reports. Thank you, mayor members of the council, I just have a couple things. I'd like to note that we do have a candidate forum next Monday, September 9. It was originally scheduled at 07:00 p.m. but that has changed to 08:00 p.m. due to the chamber of Commerce meet and greet. So if anyone is expecting to come for that, just put it in your calendars to change to eight. It's hosted by the League of Women Voters and it'll be for our ward one and ward two council member races. We do have a mayor race, but because there's only one candidate, there's not going to be a candidate forum for just that person. So just ward one and two. I'd also just note that early voting starts September 20, so if you haven't registered, do that. You can certainly check out our website or the Minnesota secretary of state for polling location and how to register to vote. All the stuff you would need to know. And then I guess I also just encourage people to go to the meet and greet on Monday. So. Okay. Council member Wagner, general communications I think city manager wanted to add something to oh, I'm sorry, if I may. Thank you, mister mayor. Council, I do want to make note it was discussed briefly here tonight. We do have a full meeting on the 17th that's going to include the approval of a preliminary budget for 2025, vote on municipal consent for the light rail, and there's a public hearing. Earlier this year, the council, in coordination with a couple of our commissions, approved a renaming of parks and facilities application and policy. So a public hearing has been set for the 17th, at which council will formally review two submissions that have been entered. Both have gone before the Parks ReC and Forestry Commission as defined by the policy at the 17th. The council will have a variety of options to move forward with the agreement of renaming one of the two candidates. If not, they could certainly take public testimony and table for a date to be determined. But this does one of the items in the policy requires a formal response within 90 days to an applicant. And because the PRF commission takes a little time off in the summer, we're not up against it. But we do need to give a formal response to those to applications. So we'll note, and we'll walk through some of this at the work session next week. So council's aware but want to share that with folks so they can come in if they'd like to. We'll note that 41st Avenue construction continues underground utilities is the big lift at current but we will continue to post those updates on the city project page. I want to share that. We're bringing back the community police academy with Crystal and New Hope. This is a program that's been going on for a number of years. Classes start on September 10, run Tuesdays, and will last a number of weeks. It's a good opportunity to connect with public safety professionals and learn a bit more about the three different organizations or entities. And again, as the city clerk noted, encourage folks to come out to the meet and greet next Monday, 530 to 730 downtown on West Broadway. Okay. Councilmember Wagner, thank you, mayor. Yeah, I just wanted to, like I said before, I just want to thank everybody for that. Came to the, to the meeting and contributed. And I just really appreciate all the feedback and, yeah, we're all taking it very seriously and we're considering everybody's opinion. And as the mayor said, I think there's just a lot, there's a variety of flavors of takes. So I think we all just appreciate the engagement in general. I hope everybody's Labor Day was good. Want to wish everybody a happy Labor Day. As a union steward, I'd be remiss not to, not to share my favorite Abraham Lincoln quote about labor and its importance. Here's the quote. Labor is prior to an independent of capital. Capital is only the fruit of labor and never, and could have never existed if labor had not first existed. Labor is the superior of capital and deserves much the higher consideration. So happy Labor Day, everybody. That's it. Thank you, council member Murphy. Thank you, Mister Mayor. In addition to the 9th, September 9 meet and greet on the 8th, we have wheels of Italy, which, let me look at the hours here. Somebody knows I'm off the top of their head. It is nine to 03:00 p.m. free event downtown Robinsale, second annual, I believe that is it. Tons of people came last year to look at Wheels of Italy, automobiles made in Italy, including some that were $368,000 or more. Was there a Lamborghini or was it a. Right. And a Maserati? Right. Councilmember Greenberg, I do want to say thanks, everyone, again for, for the engagement and how committed to Robinsaler community has been around this project. It's a big project. It's complicated and there are a lot of different opinions and perspectives on it. So it's just very much appreciated that everyone is so engaged. So thank you for that. I did want to say thank you to our police and fire department. There was a house fire on Saturday night in Robbinsdale and they did a really great job of taking care of a really messy situation. No one was hurt, so I want to say thanks to them. And then, yeah, that's it. Looking forward to seeing people at the meet and greet on September 9 from six to 7530 to 730 downtown. Meet and greet prior day as member Murphy indicated wheels of Italy on Sunday. I can't add to or improve upon what the rest of you have said, so a motion to adjourn would be in order. So moved. Second, all those in favor say aye. Aye. Aye. Aye. All those posed say no or nay. A motion carries. We are adjourned. I swear.
